Our sentence is, "if either Justin or Andy starts the Bears will probably lose."
The comma tells us that there should be a big break there.
Also, the use of a
complex subject here, Justin or Andy,
tells us that this
"Justin or Andy starts" should work together as a unit.
So, I am going to put in some parentheses...
And now I am oing to go ahead and replace the
sentences with their sentence letters,
So, "Justin starts" (P),
or "Andy starts" (Q),
And the consequent here is:
"the Bears will probably lose" (R)....
We have "Either P or Q",
(P ∨ Q)
And so we have if that
then R: (P ∨ Q) → R
And that's our sentence.
If we like we can remove these parentheses,
Since our conventions tell us that
the "∨" groups more tightly than the "→"